Add ability to specify extra pod labels in helm chart (#661)
kubeshop/botkube: CONTRIBUTING.md

> 1. Build BotKube and create a new container image tagged as `ghcr.io/kubeshop/botkube:v9.99.9-dev`:
> 
> You have two options,
> 
> **Single target build for your local K8s cluster**
> 
> This is ideal for running BotKube on a local cluster, e.g. using [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io) or [MiniKube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/).
> 
> As a side benefit, it gets around some issues of building BotKube on M1 Chips.
> 
> _Remember to use the `IMAGE_PLATFORM` env var to set your target architecture_. For example, the command below is building `linux/arm64` target. By default, the build targets `linux/amd64`.
> 
>    ```sh
>    IMAGE_PLATFORM=linux/arm64 make container-image-single
>    docker tag ghcr.io/kubeshop/botkube:v9.99.9-dev <your_account>/botkube:v9.99.9-dev
>    docker push <your_account>/botkube:v9.99.9-dev
>    ```
> Where `<your_account>` is Docker hub account to which you can push the image.
> 
> **Multi-arch target builds for any K8s cluster**
> 
> This is ideal for running BotKub on remote clusters. 
> 
> When tagging your dev image _take care to add your target image architecture as a suffix_. For example, in the command below we added `-amd64` as our target architecture.
> 
> This ensures the image will run correctly on the target K8s cluster. 
> 
> Note: This command takes sometime to run as it builds for multiple architectures.  
> 

Reviewer: a few **nit** suggestions:
- missing indent
- "MiniKube" - the `minikube` is just all lower case
- "As a side benefit, it gets around some issues of building BotKube on M1 Chips." - IMO this note is not needed. 
- "Note: " - we use a GitHub "native" note.

BTW, I like a lot that you added "This is ideal (..)" as it gives a nice context 👍 

```suggestion
1. Build BotKube and create a new container image tagged as `ghcr.io/kubeshop/botkube:v9.99.9-dev`. Choose one option:

   - **Single target build for your local K8s cluster**

     This is ideal for running BotKube on a local cluster, e.g. using [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io) or [`minikube`](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/).

     Remember to set the `IMAGE_PLATFORM` env var to your target architecture. For example, the command below builds the `linux/arm64` target. By default, the build targets `linux/amd64`.

        ```sh
        IMAGE_PLATFORM=linux/arm64 make container-image-single
        docker tag ghcr.io/kubeshop/botkube:v9.99.9-dev <your_account>/botkube:v9.99.9-dev
        docker push <your_account>/botkube:v9.99.9-dev
        ```
        Where `<your_account>` is Docker hub account to which you can push the image.

   - **Multi-arch target builds for any K8s cluster**

     This is ideal for running BotKube on remote clusters.

     When tagging your dev image take care to add your target image architecture as a suffix. For example, in the command below we added `-amd64` as our target architecture.

     This ensures the image will run correctly on the target K8s cluster.

     > **Note**
     > This command takes some time to run as it builds the images for multiple architectures.

```

Renders as:
![Screen Shot 2022-07-27 at 15 05 43](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17568639/181255133-f91d5922-cf7e-4e31-9a4c-ea8525515f84.png)
